com/jancar/bluetooth/viewmodels/DeviceViewModel.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.viewmodels.DeviceViewModel
com/jancar/bluetooth/MainActivity.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.MainActivity
 com.jancar.bluetooth.MainActivity$1
com/jancar/bluetooth/global/Global.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.global.Global
com/jancar/bluetooth/ui/address/AddressFragment.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.address.AddressFragment
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/DeviceItemBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.DeviceItemBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/FragmentMusicBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.FragmentMusicBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/model/CallLog.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.model.CallLog
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/FragmentHomeBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.FragmentHomeBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/utils/BluetoothUtil.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.utils.BluetoothUtil
com/jancar/bluetooth/service/ConnectThread.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.service.ConnectThread
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/FragmentContactBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.FragmentContactBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/MainApplication.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.MainApplication
 com.jancar.bluetooth.MainApplication$1
com/jancar/bluetooth/viewmodels/MusicViewModel.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.viewmodels.MusicViewModel
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/CallLogItemBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.CallLogItemBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/FragmentPhoneBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.FragmentPhoneBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/service/AcceptThread.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.service.AcceptThread
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/FragmentCallLogBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.FragmentCallLogBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/viewmodels/PhoneViewModel.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.viewmodels.PhoneViewModel
com/jancar/bluetooth/adapters/MainFragmentPagerAdapter.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.MainFragmentPagerAdapter
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/FragmentDashboardBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.FragmentDashboardBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/model/Contact.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.model.Contact
com/jancar/bluetooth/viewmodels/MainViewModel.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.viewmodels.MainViewModel
com/jancar/bluetooth/ui/phone/PhoneFragment.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.phone.PhoneFragment
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/FragmentNotificationsBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.FragmentNotificationsBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/broadcast/BluetoothPairReceiver.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.broadcast.BluetoothPairReceiver
com/jancar/bluetooth/viewmodels/AddressViewModel.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.viewmodels.AddressViewModel
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/ui/music/MusicFragment.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.music.MusicFragment
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/FragmentDeviceBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.FragmentDeviceBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/broadcast/BluetoothConnectionReceiver.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.broadcast.BluetoothConnectionReceiver
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/ContactItemBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.ContactItemBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/BuildConfig.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.BuildConfig
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/FragmentAddressBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.FragmentAddressBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/service/BluetoothService.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.service.BluetoothService
 com.jancar.bluetooth.service.BluetoothService$LocalBinder
com/jancar/bluetooth/databinding/DialogOptionsBinding.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.databinding.DialogOptionsBinding
com/jancar/bluetooth/broadcast/BluetoothStateReceiver.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.broadcast.BluetoothStateReceiver
com/jancar/bluetooth/broadcast/BluetoothScanReceiver.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.broadcast.BluetoothScanReceiver
com/jancar/bluetooth/adapters/CallLogAdapter.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.CallLogAdapter
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.CallLogAdapter$CallLogViewHolder
com/jancar/bluetooth/ui/device/DeviceFragment.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.device.DeviceFragment
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.device.DeviceFragment$1
com/jancar/bluetooth/ui/address/ContactListFragment.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.address.ContactListFragment
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.address.ContactListFragment$1
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.address.ContactListFragment$2
com/jancar/bluetooth/adapters/DeviceAdapter.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.DeviceAdapter
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.DeviceAdapter$1
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.DeviceAdapter$2
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.DeviceAdapter$DeviceViewHolder
com/jancar/bluetooth/adapters/ContactAdapter.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.ContactAdapter
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.ContactAdapter$ContactViewHolder
com/jancar/bluetooth/adapters/AddressTabPagerAdapter.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.adapters.AddressTabPagerAdapter
com/jancar/bluetooth/utils/TimeUtil.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.utils.TimeUtil
com/jancar/bluetooth/ui/address/CallLogFragment.java
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.address.CallLogFragment
 com.jancar.bluetooth.ui.address.CallLogFragment$1
